Let us talk now specifically about
television, which is the medium
in which you are, that you know.
We will look at when you
think it is appropriate
to choose TV.
In a startup.
At what stage of development is it appropriate?
For us, we are fundamentally
focused on digital,
i.e. mobile or
web.
Our theory about this, when it'
s time for an online business
to get on television, or even
this can apply to other media,
we think there's a first
phase, an early phase where
you have to build with
online marketing.
Why is it?
Because it is cheaper, it is
more invented, it is easier to start
acquiring a user base, it is easier
to interact with them, it is easier
to access your early adopter,
because after all it is easier
to capture in user online, in
the online environment and
interact with him.
It is more modular, right?
It is more modular, you can experiment.
We think that an online business
has to be interacting
and listening, it has to build
a minimally relevant user
base, it has to interact
with this user base to
go improving things continuously.
A startup is improving, improving,
improving, and pivoting everything
it has to pivot until
it finds its site.
We at The Power Envie have drawn
the phases of product development,
first you have to validate a problem
and the solution, then you have
to reach product market fit, then
it is convenient to invest something
looking for efficiency,
still not the reach to validate
your growth channels,
etc.
This is something that our students
have already acquired knowledge.
Because in this case the product
has to be tested, it has to prove,
that is, following all these
phases there is a time when
you have to go demonstrating a
series of milestones.
And there is a first milestone that
is what is my online capture, what
is my cost of acquisition,
how converted, what is my lifetime
value potential, that is, you
are building gradually and for
that as you listen to your user
you are improving your product.
So what do we look at when
we think it's time to get into
offline media or get into
television?
At the time you have a ratio,
depending obviously
on the type of business,
engagement or repetition,
repetition is essential,
or conversion strong
enough.
Why is it?
Why does this indicate you?
This indicates that the product likes.
If there is conversion, then the product
attracts and if there is
recurrence, it really likes.
So, at the time you have a sufficiently
representative user base,
you don't have a 20; at the
time you have a sufficiently
representative user base,
that has good conversion
rates, good recurrence
rates, what is indicating
is that the product
is about to stay and that
it just needs to get to
the masses.
What do we mean by this?
That if a product still doesn'
t have the conversion ratios
it needs for the product to
work or the recurrence is
attractive enough, you'll
have to spin.
You will have to make fundamental
changes to the product that will
change your image.
So the worst thing you can do in the
offline world, especially on television,
if you invest a lot of money, is
to launch a product that doesn'
t work, which disappoints the user.
Because then it will be much more difficult
for you to turn it all around.
We have done this very in
detail and have called it scaling
prematurely.
In addition, we have identified in the
development phases of a startup there
are basically two moments.
There are two phases, before product
market fit and after product
market fit.
And before you get to the product
market fit, before you're sure of
everything you're saying, what you
like, that there's repetition, that
there's engagement, that we
have a relative conversion
ratio, good enough, etc.
That is, before you validate
everything, what you can't do
is invest heavily in marketing
to scale.
Why does that have to come later?
I think it fits perfectly with
what you are saying.
It is dangerous.
There are people who are in a hurry.
We are the truth is that
we get all kinds of projects,
fases earlier, fases larger.
People often come very stressed with him,
it is that they will steal me the idea,
it is that we have to get there.
So the rush is bad when
the product is not tested
enough, when scalability
is not tested, when conversion
is not tested.
Because at the end you are getting badly used
and at the end you will make waters on
the other side.
Has there been any case of that,
of scaling prematurely that products
that have not yet reached
this sufficient validation
have used means like yours
and have been a failure?
We have disadvised, we being
in that sector that we think
we have a certain responsibility
to not sell.
Everyone who comes to us gives
us our point of view.
We think it's soon, we talk in
six months, we talk already.
Some people are in a hurry.
Some of them have decided against
our advice, have decided
to do so on the other hand
and have struck, several, a few.
Why is it?
Because television, radio, and
the media in general do not do miracles.
They can be very relevant, they can
help a lot, but they do no miracles.
So experience to me tells me,
when is a television campaign
a success or a television
campaign a failure?
Interestingly, success is usually
in those products that are good and,
curiously, in those products
that are not good, the television
campaign is a failure.
No matter how you do it,
creativity is important.
How does this type of thing matter?
That says Sonelis, who coined the
term prohacker, is a strategist
that I love and what he says
is that he has usually managed
to scale many companies
and make the public ones,
etc.
And what he says is that his conclusion
after analyzing hundreds of cases
and many very successful is
exactly that.
It's not that it's been a matter that
marketers have been more skilled at
using the channels better, no.
It was a matter of the product
was better.
Because it sounds very simple, but it is.
It was a matter of having done the
duties in the previous phase, they
had tested well live everything
until they had come up with something
that really loved people and then
scaling it has been so easy because
the market is that directly...
We see a lot of people who come
to see us, mostly early stages,
and they tell us their story
and they tell us that people
love it.
Look at the metric and say...
The metric doesn't tell me that.
Yes, yes, it's that we've tested it, we'
ve talked about it with I don't know what
and people love it.
Well, then when you really have
a metric that shows me that
people love it, we talk.
We'll leave it in six
months and talk again.
And what we find in the vast
majority of cases is that then
they return to us with a completely
different product.
Why is it?
Because at the moment you
interact with your user base,
you know whether people like
it or not.
It's not to say that he loves
the paper.
That is, really from what is an
initial presentation of a
startup to how it ends up being
looks like a castan.
So, it has to evolve.
So, many of the cases we see
are also international copycats.
A copycat must be adapted
to the Spanish public.
So, it doesn't work for you what
has worked in the United States
necessarily in Spain and maybe
it's a matter of shading three or
four things and once you get the
key, here it is, to the infinite
and beyond.
But until you have given the key,
don't be suicidal because what
you're going to do is sink.
Well, I think we already understand
well what the middle food equity consists
of, what is the mechanism.
We understand well, you have perfectly
explained to us at what point, which
is also very similar to the phases
of product development, at what
point it makes sense to opt
for this type of growth lever.